here right Otto we have a 2006 Dodge
Grand Caravan
this is a SC model white color as you
can see the body is very clean this
vehicle just went through a complete
detailed job has been mechanically
inspected and comes with a three month
warranty
it has new brakes
there's no hail on the vehicle body is
very straight
this model has the stolen gold sitting
that's where the seats the second row
and the third row fold into the ground
factory DVD player rear heat and a/c
there's no rust on the vehicle the
interior is very clean easy access to
the third row rear heat and air controls
this is a nonsmoker
power driver's seat fully loaded rear
vents that's where the back glass opens
up only eighty-three thousand miles the
echo idle is right where it's supposed
to there's no mess fire or hesitation
factory CD player with the DVD control
up on the front rear heat and AC
controls are here check the transmission
transmission goes through every gear
without any kind of hard kicks
take you guys for a quick test drive
check the transmission real quick
as you can see the transmission shows
through the gears correctly
the steering is very straight very
smooth ride
there's no pulsation with the brakes
because newer brakes power steering is
very smooth all the lighting all the
electricals work correctly check the
transmission once again
we have any questions feel free to give
us call outright Auto nine five to eight
eight to seven seven seven six we're
located on highway 13 directly across
from Menards right next door to
McDonald's thank you
you